Consciousness

It appears to be that automatic “us” is some sort of separated from conscious “us”, so that I sometimes feel the time pass in auto (extremely, extremely slow) and switch to conscious instead. But I somewhat feel that auto is in the background as a $(some_command &).

It’s either that or I FORGOT FUCK RUCK RUCK



It’s not about “traveling into the future”, but more like a “I feel really slowly the effects from auto, so conscious me I think it’s future, but no, it’s just like echoes from the past I guess).






It’s not auto I feel like auto because when I switch my focus to it it feels automatic movement but it is not is just that i am seeing the past, it’s the things I’ve done I guess. Or it is maybe even part of the conscious. It’s idea offering.


Change conscious for present time, as in “being in the present”, the opposite of “not paying attention”








Another day
————
The consciousness is just like a lamp, that guy was right. You can use it to focus certain parts, I believe it by default focuses everything around us (for survival), if I was to draw it it would be like a human with a lightbulb as a head, the consciousness would be the light. I see whatever it touches. (REVISITED: I made comments like the latter because I was effectively seeing these things. This is interesting because for some weird reason my only way of communication during this state were these text notes, so this was the way of reminding myself to draw these after the trip.)
Since it puts the automatic activities in the background &, should they hence be slower or like with a delay in time and get progressively faster as I focus to it?

Consciousness is light, with vision and focus






Another day
——————
Perhaps the brain operates in a X Hz per seconds, and when brain changing drugs ingested, it operates/feels time and space at Y Hz (Y < X)

The thoughts and feelings are maximized so much that every single thought you have turns into a 4XD movie. The better the thoughts, the less the “OMG I saw my death”-kind of thoughts. (REVISITED: I had to put this on because, you guessed it, I got so scared I hallucinated my own death. Kids, don’t do drugs.)

We think in a X Hz, but perhaps aliens communicate in a range of (M, N) Hz portrayed as array/list. Not Hz as in sound, but as a stringwave. Pictures of the colors and the visible spectrum appear. (REVISITED: Again, I saw this. So replace that “pictures of the colors…” with an actual picture of the colors and the visible spectrum).
That thought of “I just arrived to the place I saw and thought was the future” isnt real, or at least it’s feeling is not that. It is more of like an (every thought goes upstream as in minecraft in a waterfall, so if a “let’s go to the bathroom” thought enters, it gets hallucinated because of that much focus and imaginary things.
Things go slow, but for some reason I can think in a normal velocity, even though the external velocity is completely delayed
The environment affects everything
Open window, very low lights, lying in bed > Closed window, standing or sitting on the bed, lights on (white lights specifically suck, avoid)up




Non-THC trip (drank alcohol, woke up early to the bathroom, and took med at that time as well)
———————
Consciousness itself is just like a flow of something. If pictured, it can be seen as a river which flows from point A to point B, the thing is, when it comes to consciousness it doesn’t have a “starting point” nor a “ending point”, so the flow of data must be in a circle ⭕️. Right at the middle top there is a point in the circumference which I have called the singularity. This is a fixed point and cannot be modified, so all data must pass through it in order to continue with the flow (there is actually no way of stopping it or so, it just flows and that’s it). I have seen that consciousness can actually “modify it’s path” so that the circle turns into any other weird shape: it starts “deviating” -specifically on the right side-, it makes turns here and there, it expands and contracts but it can’t modify the singularity point, which again, it’s fixed. And AFAIK it can’t modify the speed of the flow of data. Now, what is this data? Well, this data is us.


The path “deviates” as in to explore new ideas, perhaps it is something as a “new idea pops out a point outside of the circle, so the flow must modify itself so that the data collects it in order for it to <<see it>>”. But now what the fuck are these new ideas? Where do they come from? Perhaps not “new ideas”, but rather “I/O” like. Perhaps there are two singularities, one (top) starts output (right) and one (bottom) starts input (left)





Another day
——————
I saw consciousness as a “broom”-like sound. Like a car motor or something, whenever used more the more the “broom” sounded (faster and louder). The less, the slowly and quiter.







20 aug
——————
When we experience a life event (brain-changing event as in how much it causes trauma or something like that) we try to get out our inner “us”. As in acting and reacting to certain estimuli. (REVISITED: here I was talking about something that happened to me personally. When you become “someone”, and all of the sudden people that used to treat you like another NPC starts treating you like the first player. The inner “us” I am referring to here is our inner child.)

Inception’s story, it implies that some ideas are buried within ourselves, so they become really hard to change. It can be seen as a binary tree. The root of the tree is/are (in case there are several nodes as root) the main idea that sustains us, as in personality. The leaves are the ideas more prone to be changed by exterior estimuli, while the more you go up that binary tree, the harder a certain “idea” is to be changed.










Consciousness is basically whether or not something is going to be taken in consideration in a decision. (REVISITED: Now I think this “consciousness” is actually our decision-making entity (our foreground system).)
Like

if (consider_feelings) {
  // do a bunch of stuff to something
  // as in modifying weighs in a
  // neural network
}







It’s always the same. I start focusing on my body, then next I know I’m focusing on my inner, with my body as background. Static.
I’m “touching” the imagination side CREATIVELY. Hallucinations. Everything feels real, like there one second then gone.





16 / sept
========
You block emotions when you focus on something. Emotions like “disappointed”? Blocked.
If somehow the brain loses any neurons, there is a “specialized” team in charge of “fixing” that.
Perhaps processes all over the brain in charge of doing specific things, like automated tasks (?). Each process like a huge huge tube with too much water coming out at immense pressure.
It’s hard to modify things I have already seen over and over again. If I focus on something new, things lighten up. If I see something known (like frames in a given movie), it feels robotic.
Another scene: like a top thing screen thing on Mac. (REVISITED: here I am referring to the multiple-desktops feature in MacOS). Multiple screens. One of them was purely visual, I was in it. A screen to my left, two (or more) on the right. Perhaps I can focus only in one of them at a given moment. One of them is like physical movement.

Perhaps there is a queue somewhere in a floating terminal. There are being sent some thoughts to it, and the user can either accept or deny.  The requests are trying to push/add to the idea tree. In a matter of seconds, the queue reaches 100 requests (or another big number). I made it that way because before I couldnt see shit and it didn’t require user interaction. Perhaps different processors? No not perhaps, every processor is a tube.




Perhaps there is a path somewhere. Like, focus is quite literally doing cd /path/to/somewhere or cd /another/path etc. this means, the way to create this thing is to create an operating system.



A horizontal wooden path being constructed by Fortnite squared pieces right above a water lake. Whenever time passes a “a guy” is passed to the newly created platform so he could stack boxes to form a pyramid. The more boxes, the better. The boxes were brown but the better they combined and the higher they reached they changed colors. Yellow/green, red, dunno.
This is “me” (blue) seeing other parts in the brain. The “guy” (green) is an automated task/process I believe.
Thoughts are born as gray squares, coming out from a river into the air. The river is pink, it’s filled with crocodiles. The boxes/squares are sent to another place to be decided whether or not they’ll stay. What I saw me doing was actually manipulating some of them (perhaps erasing) before they were even considered to be part of the tree.

The multi screens appeared again, showing me that I was at the moment focusing on the tree (gray packages (nodes) being created and sent). Before I was focusing on another thing (like purely physical like touch and vision)
Focus is the current working directory.

Focus is `pwd`








Once your consciousness starts moving down the “sleep path” it becomes harder and harder to speak and to move. You can still think, but it’s useless if you can’t express it. (ADHD)

















Once you start developing your consciousness enough, you’ll be able to keep yourself conscious even after the first stage of being asleep. It’s kinda weird (you feel your conscious self and you are able to think but you cannot move your body because you are technically “asleep”) and I honestly do not recommend it, since after that there is a similar stage, but in this new one you’ll not be able to move your body even after being ”fully” conscious. You’ll see everything happening (like I when going to the bathroom) but you’ll not be able to interfere in any way or move your body in any way, like if it were a POV movie. Yeah. Quite honestly that’s where I stopped. Creepy shit.









Weird dream.
I saw two people on a video call. I saw their names but cannot recall them atm. A man and a female. Both trying to control (as in playing a video game) a human. 
(REVISITED: Everything was black and the faces of these people where behind me, as I saw something happening in a screen. I now compare this to the Alien X in Ben 10 thing.)
I am as much of the entity I am after lamabia and before lamabia. Perhaps this means lamabia are both, and am an one with lamabia?
When lamabia came into my mind I pictured two circles. One bigger (bottom) and one smaller (top), they were merged. Like the shape of an 8, but without any middle line.
The video game was about me back in my hometown. I was trying to reach a place to look for new clothes. But I think I was being “controlled” by these two entities. Lamabia perhaps was the name of the female entity. The female was kind of stressed and said “do it for me” (REVISITED: I do not know what the fuck was this even now and I am quite honestly not willing to know.)






1 oct 2023
Woke up to gastritis, I eventually puked. I felt like being “pulled by something” as my body got up to spit. “My body got up first but the inertia moved my conscious me as well with it, so i had to start as well”. Weird shit. I was dreaming something related to Star Wars since I remember myself “being” between obi wan and anakin, and “behind” me yoda 






15 oct 2023
I saw myself at an archive, long long archive, (REVISITED: I am referring to Disney’s Soul movie when Terry starts looking for something) full of shit, I pulled up a drawer and got two pictures out of it (like memories), and put them “on the queue” as in Spotify . The memories corresponded me waiting at like 12 am to watch a movie. It was weird it was just like if i was “not supposed to remember that”, as if my foreground shouldn’t have been working at the time. Or at least not fully (REVISITED: the pictures are two of my dreams.)








15 nov 2023
When going to sleep, four doors are to be closed. The last one puts the consciousness in the sleep mode.



Some sort of offering from the subconscious to the conscious is off during sleep. Is either that or since we don’t often remember what happen during sleep it’s weird when we start regaining full consciousness during sleep since we get to feel those thoughts  (REVISITED: now I think sleep mode is actually just normal mode but without any external output and with the bare minimum internal memory.)








Picture a ballon sliced in half. This half is stretched over a straight platform, so that it appears to be inflated (semispehere). (REVISITED: again, I saw this.). I felt like a hand “touching” from the inside of the ballon the top surface of it. I felt divided.






18 dec 2023
—————————
Go to a completely dark and silent room and lie down in your standard “sleeping” position. Close your eyes. Stay conscious for more than 20 minutes and whatever you do, do not move your body. Keep thinking. Keep thinking. Keep thinking. And DO NOT move your body. After these 20 minutes, change your focus to the lower part of your body and start moving your toe very slightly. Very, very slightly. If you happen to see or feel a “light” of some sort coming from somewhere below, you are one step closer to higher levels of consciousness. Take careful steps moving forward in understanding consciousness from here.
If you use meditation to define consciousness, when you finish meditating do not speak and just write down all of your thoughts, and avoid the most you can moving the rest of your body.
If you use drugs to define consciousness, try to describe every thought of yours in the most simplistic way. First impressions only. Don't mess around wondering if they are correct or not, or how pathetic they are. Just write all of the first impressions down.
Same day. I’m reviewing this. Every comment made with a (REVISITED: …) template will be me but as of today, 18 dec.
